Correct registry information (#26)
JuliaStats/Survival.jl: docs/src/index.md

## Installation

The package is registered in Julia's General package registry, and so it can 

> be installed using `Pkg.add("Survival"))` or via the REPL package manager mode `pkg>add Survival`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be installed using `Pkg.add("Survival"))` or via the Pkg REPL mode with `]add Survival`.
```
